it is a film that is so controversial
it's getting booted from some film
festivals vast from cover up to
catastrophe claims that the CDC
America's Centers for Disease Control
manipulated and hid data that proves
that there is a link between vaccines
and autism I think my child's had every
action to those shot and then came the
headbang constant banging against
anything that he could find right now
I'm sitting in a very pretty position in
terms of providing you a lot of
information they sliced and diced the
data in an effort to get rid of that
effect the relative risk of receiving an
autism diagnosis was astronomical Wow
the CDC had known all along
there was this MMR occasion wrist size
right now this morning is the director
and co-writer of Beck's doctor Andrew
Wakefield and the film's producer Polly
Tommy Polly also has a 20 year old son
with autism morning both of you morning
dr. Wakefield you are linked to this
story ever since back in 1998 you put
out a study that linked a connection
between the MMR vaccine and autism and
so years later you come up and you
you're putting out this particular
documentary because you were talking
about the corruption behind the scenes
at the CDC yes I've been involved in
this debate for 20 years it's one of the
hottest debates in in medicine it hasn't
gone away and then suddenly after 20
years a CDC senior scientist dr. William
Thompson comes forward and says that
they have known for 14 years that MMR
vaccine is causally associated with
autism and they have covered it up and
so the film that it's his words it's his
opinion it's his documents that really
carry the message of this film that
there has been a huge cover-up which has
put millions of American children in
harm's way and it was totally
unnecessary well millions of Americans
have heard about your original report
where is there a connection between the
MMR vaccine and autism I know your son
you were once upon a time pro-vaccine
yeah but then tell us a little bit about
your son Billy okay well I was extremely
pro-vaccine as all the parents over in
the same situation as I was we took our
children along to get the shots we
trusted our pediatricians we didn't
think to your question quite well we so
we did this and for my son and he had
the MMR in the morning by the evening he
was in hospital having a huge convulsion
and we never got him back he's 20 years
old now and he is doing the best he can
but he should be at college he's missed
his childhood his mischief teenage years
and the future is very bleak for people
like Billy and he's one of millions
millions worldwide do you feel that it
was the MMR vaccine oh I know as his
mother
it was the MMR vaccine in fact does it
just happen too much of a coincidence if
it were not the doctors in the hospital
said he's having a reaction to the MMR
vaccine but it will be okay
well it wasn't okay and for every day
that the media says vaccines do not
cause autism every day that injection is
going into children damaging more and
more and more babies as a felt sure dr.
Wakefield I know at the Tribeca Film
Festival this was supposed to be played
but Robert De Niro decided not to it's
actually got a family member with autism
our politics involved in this
undoubtedly I mean you know we have
tried to convey to people that this is
not in any way an anti vaccine movie it
is reporting upon a fraud in the CDC the
nation's foremost health agent is about
corruption it's about corruption
absolutely and Robert De Niro was put in
an invidious position I believe by the
board of Tribeca where having announced
that the film was going to play he then
had to retract it repeatedly since that
time he has endorsed the film and said
every body must see this film and that
is the case you as you say out there Fox
News we report you decide please see
this film make up your own mind
do not be persuaded by journalists who
written without ever having reviewed the
film in advance saying this is an anti
vaccine but De Niro is just a father
just like I'm a pet you the parent of a
child have been damaged by vaccine he
just wants to do the right thing and
he's been by our side like from the
beginning on this so I'm going to watch
it you need to watch it I don't
like that Polly and dr. Wakefield thank
you very much thank you once again the
movie is out there it's called VAX VXX
Edie all right